KOL-3377 Add FR 1:1 example integration to kolenaIO/kolena (#229)
kolenaIO/kolena: examples/face_recognition_11/README.md

# Example Integration: Face Recognition (1:1)

> This example integration uses the [Labeled Faces in the Wild (LFW)](http://vis-www.cs.umass.edu/lfw/) dataset and Face Recognition (FR) workflow to demonstrate how to test and evaluate FR (1:1) systems on Kolena.

Reviewer: Should we mention how this includes the end-to-end FR model pipeline here?

## Setup

This project uses [Poetry](https://python-poetry.org/) for packaging and Python dependency management. To get started,
install project dependencies from [`pyproject.toml`](./pyproject.toml) by running:

```shell
poetry update && poetry install
```

## Usage

The data for this example integration lives in the publicly accessible S3 bucket `s3://kolena-public-datasets`.

First, ensure that the `KOLENA_TOKEN` environment variable is populated in your environment. See our
[initialization documentation](https://docs.kolena.io/installing-kolena/#initialization) for details.

This project defines two scripts that perform the following operations:

> 1. [`seed_test_suite.py`](face_recognition_11/seed_test_suite.py) creates a test case with all test samples in a test suite

Reviewer: Let's include the types of stratification that we use in `seed_test_suite.py` (see other example as a reference)

> 1. [`seed_test_suite.py`](face_recognition_11/seed_test_suite.py) creates a test case with all test samples in a test suite

Reviewer: Can we also include how we define the face bbox / keypoint gt as they are not originally from LFW

Reviewer: And how we pared the pairs down to 10k.

> 2. [`seed_test_run.py`](face_recognition_11/seed_test_run.py) tests a face recognition model against the test suite above

Reviewer: The evaluation includes multiple models in the pipeline.

> 2. [`seed_test_run.py`](face_recognition_11/seed_test_run.py) tests a random keypoint generator against the test suite above

Reviewer: `tests a random keypoint generator against the test suite above` needs to be updated

Author: Oh my bad. Had the commit just forgot to push it.

Reviewer: bump

Command line arguments are defined within each script to specify what model to use and what test suite to seed/evaluate.
Run a script using the `--help` flag for more information:

```shell
$ poetry run python3 face_recognition_11/seed_test_suite.py --help
usage: seed_test_suite.py [-h] dataset_csv metadata_csv

positional arguments:
  dataset_csv  CSV file containing image pairs to be tested.
  metadata_csv CSV file containing the metadata of each image.

optional arguments:
  -h, --help  show this help message and exit
```

```shell

> $ poetry run python3 face_recognition_11/seed_test_run.py --help

Reviewer: Needs an update

usage: seed_test_run.py [-h] model_name test_suite

positional arguments:
  model_name  Name of the model to test.

>   test_suites  Name of the test suite(s) to run.

Reviewer: `test_suites` doesn't match the argument name in the usage on line 44.

Reviewer: bump

## Setup

This project uses [Poetry](https://python-poetry.org/) for packaging and Python dependency management. To get started,
install project dependencies from [`pyproject.toml`](./pyproject.toml) by running:

```shell
poetry update && poetry install
```

## Usage

The data for this example integration lives in the publicly accessible S3 bucket `s3://kolena-public-datasets`.

First, ensure that the `KOLENA_TOKEN` environment variable is populated in your environment. See our
[initialization documentation](https://docs.kolena.io/installing-kolena/#initialization) for details.

This project defines two scripts that perform the following operations:

1. [`seed_test_suite.py`](face_recognition_11/seed_test_suite.py) creates the following test suites:

    - `labeled-faces-in-the-wild :: gender [FR]`, stratified by `gender` using image metadata
    - `labeled-faces-in-the-wild :: race [FR]`, stratified by `race` using image metadata

    Run this command to seed the default test suite:
    ```shell
    poetry run python3 face_recognition_11/seed_test_suite.py
    ```

>     > **_NOTE:_**  Face bounding box and keypoint ground truths are not originally from LFW. They are collected from RetinaFace. Also, a sample size of 10K from LFW is used as the dataset instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > **NOTE:**  Face bounding box and keypoint ground truths are inferred from RetinaFace as they are not provided in LFW dataset. Also, for the demo purpose, we have subsampled 10,000 pairs, made up of 9,983 images, from LFW.
```

It would also be nice to add a link to RetinaFace model

2. [`seed_test_run.py`](face_recognition_11/seed_test_run.py) tests multiple face recognition models against the test suite above.

    Run this command to evaluate the default models on the `labeled-faces-in-the-wild :: gender [FR]` and `labeled-faces-in-the-wild :: race [FR]` test suites:
    ```shell
    poetry run python3 face_recognition_11/seed_test_run.py
    ```

Command line arguments are defined within each script to specify what model to use and what test suite to seed/evaluate.
Run a script using the `--help` flag for more information:

```shell
$ poetry run python3 face_recognition_11/seed_test_run.py --help

> usage: seed_test_run.py [-h] [--models MODELS [MODELS ...]] [--test_suites TEST_SUITES [TEST_SUITES ...]]

Reviewer: I believe there is another argument to this script. Please check both scripts and copy the exact results from the `--help` output.

Reviewer: I don't see any changes made here.
